Thanks for the info. 

First and foremost, fixation of words on the medium is paramount to English learner, which includes both paper characteristics and electronic media. More accessibility that a word to you, higher the likelihood to review it, which dramatically influences the result of the final outcome. Moreover, dwelling time of your eye concentration on a paper or screen where words locate, personally acknowledged, is determinant of subjective vocabulary base whose aggregation of every single word being able to output when talking or constructing a thesis or composition. On the other hand, passive vocabulary, those words can only be recognized when comprehending an article but cannot be implemented in creativity or bilateral intercourse, literally and verbally even more. Reasoning that the former conception relies on memory repetition where we consolidate English skills as a sole approach. Then, I would illustrate with substantial instances as follow.

To the best of my knowledge, my previous vocabulary guide for NJCEE, which is probably one right on your desk, more specifically, accompanied me through that entire anguishing summer of senior three. Without the methodology of electronic devices that cannot be agreed, I just memorized all word on that “primitive” printing book, adopting reciting seven new pages and reviewing double preceding work. I cannot ignore the so-called paradox and contradiction between outdated method and favourable achievement on my English competence. I am unprecedented to be a pure English user and leaner who can indeed read and write, listening and speaking, rather than a dull guy who is adept at simple reading comprehension. Particularly delightful through tough experience is start at the very beginning to talk verbally, where the only approach for me, at that moment, is recited and talk using the phrases on that printing guide for countable times. Quite amazing, I am able to talk, thank God.

Back to the battle between software and paper, non-fixed words that appear on electronic devices hampered my repetitive action of reciting words that were deriving from the previous positions. That is the situation on the electronic side. Notwithstanding, the delightful immobility helped me to consolidate my words memory. Likewise, considering that the changeable sequence of words to review, I’d regard the algorithm for analysis memory curve in those APPs with reproach, intervened the proceeding of ordinary reciting, as a result of lack of privilege to mandate words entities, And this contributes to a low-efficient endeavor. Additionally, deploying those words brings me a feeling of achievement to motivate me to keep going. Never contempt the motive of a learning action, which can be the sole reason why we take an everlasting approach toward the ultimate quantizable goal. 

<<<<<<< HEAD
Stay tuned.
=======
>>>>>>> 2ed54540c68265e91a39783d2c3f8980fe85b067
